readme.md, before:

# Town Digest

A calm, chronological civic digest for local communities.  

Civic Digest collects newsletters and announcements from local organizations, extracts **both structured events and general news**, and publishes a chronological news feed and event calendar for each town — **without algorithms, engagement metrics, or social media noise**.

---

## Motivation

Local information has become fragmented:

- Local newspapers are shrinking or disappearing.
- Schools, clubs, libraries, and municipalities send updates through separate newsletters.
- Civic information lives in inboxes, PDFs, and scattered mailing lists.
- Social media amplifies noise and outrage, not community relevance.

Civic Digest provides a **neutral, structured, opt-in infrastructure** for towns to stay informed.

---

## Features (MVP)

- Accepts newsletters via **email forwarding** (opt-in).  
- Extracts:
  - **Structured events** (date, time, location)  
  - **General news/announcements**  
- Publishes **chronological news feed** and **event calendar**.  
- Links to **original source** for transparency.  
- Minimal, calm design with optional small interactivity.

---

## Architecture

The main components of this application include:
- IMAP index
- Prefect for data pipeline
- Flask for web application
  - DaisyUI design system

## Developement Environment

To get started install dependencies:
```bash
uv sync
```

Then you can run the development server:
```bash
uv run honcho start
```

### Code orgranization

The code is organized into the following directories:
- src
  - app
  - models
  - pipelines



##

Commit message:

Add agents file and ruff for liniting.

readme.md, after:

# Town Digest

A calm, chronological civic digest for local communities.  

Civic Digest collects newsletters and announcements from local organizations, extracts **both structured events and general news**, and publishes a chronological news feed and event calendar for each town — **without algorithms, engagement metrics, or social media noise**.

---

## Motivation

Local information has become fragmented:

- Local newspapers are shrinking or disappearing.
- Schools, clubs, libraries, and municipalities send updates through separate newsletters.
- Civic information lives in inboxes, PDFs, and scattered mailing lists.
- Social media amplifies noise and outrage, not community relevance.

Civic Digest provides a **neutral, structured, opt-in infrastructure** for towns to stay informed.

---

## Features (MVP)

- Accepts newsletters via **email forwarding** (opt-in).  
- Extracts:
  - **Structured events** (date, time, location)  
  - **General news/announcements**  
- Publishes **chronological news feed** and **event calendar**.  
- Links to **original source** for transparency.  
- Minimal, calm design with optional small interactivity.

---

## Architecture

The main components of this application include:
- IMAP index
- Prefect for data pipeline
- Flask for web application
  - DaisyUI design system

## Developement Environment

To get started install dependencies:
```bash
uv sync
```

Then you can run the development server:
```bash
uv run honcho start
```

With everything running you can access the main web interface on http://localhost:5000 and the Prefect UI on http://localhost:4200.

## Linting

Run Ruff across the codebase:
```bash
uv run ruff check .
```

Auto-fix where safe:
```bash
uv run ruff check . --fix
```

Format (if we enable formatting rules later):
```bash
uv run ruff format .
```
